TOC's for Week 3 - Day 1, Day 2, Day 5 and Day 7 (#54)
microsoft/win-student-devs: docs/30DaysOfPWA/dev-tools/02.md

# 3.2: Authoring Tools:
Converting your website to a PWA!

**Author: Amrutha Srinivasan [@amrutha](https://twitter.com/amruthasrin)**

> **Welcome to day 12 of the [30 Days of PWA](https://aka.ms/learn-pwa/30Days-blog) series!** Yesterday we talked about the great tools that are out there to build a top quality PWA from scratch. Today we will talk about PWABuilder.com, another offering under the PWABuilder project that allows you to easily evaluate and publish your PWA to different app stores. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to **week 3 day 2** of the [30 Days of PWA](https://aka.ms/learn-pwa/30Days-blog) series! Yesterday we talked about the great tools that are out there to build a top quality PWA from scratch. Today we will talk about PWABuilder.com, another offering under the PWABuilder project that allows you to easily evaluate and publish your PWA to different app stores. 
```
